Somebody was like, "Everybody loves you.
What does that feel like?" And I was
like, "They it feels like precarious."
[music]
>> For a few years, it seemed like Jennifer
Lawrence was everywhere.
>> I'm just the crazy [__] WITH A DEAD
HUSBAND. [laughter]
>> You want to be more like Carmine? Why
don't you build something like he does?
>> If we burn, you burn with us. Outside
the movies, Lawrence had this [music]
vibrant public persona.
>> Oh my god, THIS IS ELIZABETH TAYLOR. AND
SHE WAS LIKE, "NO, it's not." [laughter]
But a lot has changed since she won an
Oscar 12 years ago, and tripped up the
stairs on the way to get her statue.
She's gotten married, had two kids, and
taken breaks from making movies. [music]
Now she's back in Die My Love, directed
by Lyn Ramsey and co-starring Robert
Patson. In it, she plays a young woman
who's being driven mad by motherhood.
[laughter]
>> It's a searing performance, but when I
sat down with her, I was struck by how
scarred she seemed from her early fame
and [music] the backlash she got over
her political advocacy. Here's my
conversation with Jennifer [music]
Lawrence.
Thank you so much for joining the
interview. I'm so excited to talk.
Thanks for having me. Uh, I want to talk
about your new film because I have a lot
of thoughts. So, this film was adapted
um from a book by Ariana Harvitz. Uh,
and Martin Scorsesei was the one who
wanted you to play this role after he
read the book in his book club.
>> Um, when you reached out, what did he
say?
>> Um,
it was very complimentary. So, I I I
would be remiss to [laughter] repeat it.
No, it was very nice. But he was just
like I I I think first of all like he
said that I should read it and that you
know I would be good in it. And I read
it I was actually I had just had my my
first baby and so it was it was a lot.
It was really overwhelming. I like I I
read it in one one sitting. Um but I was
actually in a really good place in my
kind of postpartum journey. I didn't
struggle in the kind of classic
postpartum way. I bonded right away with
with my son. And so I think because of
that, I was able to allow my mind to
kind of go to those darker places. I
think if I was in a dark place and I
read it, I would be too
>> afraid of it. And so it's kind of like
>> turning all the lights on and looking at
the monster under the bed or something.
>> Before we move on, who is in Marty
Scorsese's book club?
>> I know. I don't know.
>> I mean,
>> I could just ask. I think you need
>> I mean, the worst he could say is I
don't feel like telling you.
>> Yeah. Are you in a book club?
>> Um, I'm in a soft book clubs. So, we we
tried we tried to make like an official
book, but we're just too different in
our
>> tastes.
back to the film. As I was watching it,
it seemed to me sort of like this scream
against the current elevation of
domestic life and perfect motherhood as
sort of the pinnacle of female
achievement. What is this film about for
you? [snorts]
Um, [sighs and gasps]
it kind of morphs for me. M
>> I think that it it's definitely about
somebody losing her identity um and
motherhood and
rage at not just her husband but the
change of the relationship, the change
of the love. But what I really like
about it is it's kind of it's it's
poetry. It's there's there's not kind of
a single way to look at it that there's
like a statement and then breathing room
for you to read into what
>> the statement means to you. I every
everybody I talk to kind of comes away
with something different.
>> How do you um view what Grace your
character is actually going through?
Because I've read reviews that say that
she has postpartum depression. I've read
reviews that say that she, you know, is
bipolar. I've read reviews that say that
she has psychosis.
I'm wondering first of all does it does
it matter and then h how you understood
what she is experiencing.
>> That's another thing that kind of
morphed for me and never really felt
like one thing. Um I was pregnant. I was
in my second trimester
>> when you were filming this. when I was
filming this and
>> I think that there were certain
I think there were like
there were certain realities that I just
I I couldn't like look at and and I I I
spoke to, you know, a postpartum
specialist who told me that the number
one cause of death in mothers in the
first year is suicide.
And that obviously went into
our thinking about the ending. The
forest, what is the forest? What is the
fire? Do they find their way back to
each other?
What does all of it mean? And so I think
I saw the forest as more of like a
cleansing.
And then after I had my
>> We should say at the end she walks into
this burning forest.
>> Are we supposed to do this? Am I going
to like ruin the movie for
>> I don't know. You brought it up. That's
why I have to be clear on what it is. I
I guess I have like franchise paranoia,
but maybe it's fine. [laughter] Um,
>> franchise paranoia. I think there's not
going to be a franchise of this film,
but who?
>> I would agree with you.
>> At anyway, she is someone who is
very um she's really depressed. She's
really she's really unhappy. She's
[clears throat] really angry.
And I think
the love that you have for your child, I
think sometimes when I think that she
was so lost that she felt like she was
the only thing wrong with her baby and
that she was the only thing that could
ruin
her child. And when I watched it back
after having my second child and
actually experiencing postpartum
depression, that was a really, really
weird experience. I walked away with so
many different kind of opinions about it
that I don't want to share cuz then I'll
give up the whole movie and the
allegorories like what am I doing? Well,
let me ask you something else then. You
just said you experienced postpartum
depression after your second child. Can
can you talk to me a little bit about
what that looked like for you? And I
guess that must that must have been
surprising um perhaps because you
>> because [clears throat] I was ready and
I knew what I was doing and I felt more
confident. And I definitely didn't
expect I just expected to feel the way I
did with my first, which I feel like it
should just be said. I I think
postpartum
is just a physical experience that
happens to everybody. I mean, your
hormones are doubling every day in your
first trimester and then those hormones
plummet after you have a baby. They
plummet again when you wean. Um,
so I my experience with my second was I
just felt I felt like a tiger was
chasing me every day. I've had so much
anxiety.
>> I was so I had non-stop intrusive
thoughts that I was just like at the at
the whim of they like controlled me. Um,
>> fear about your child, fear about
yourself.
>> Yeah, it was fear about my child. just
picturing every worst case scenario
and then just doubting everything that I
was doing, everything that you know. Um,
and then I I I was already in therapy,
but I got on a drug called Zerve and I
took it for 2 weeks and it really helped
me. So, if anybody is having postpartum
zer, I'm not paid by them, but they
could maybe throw me something.
[laughter]
But that helped. Yeah. I I went on a on
a pill that was designed for postpartum
and I took it for 2 weeks
>> and it helped a lot. I'm a parent myself
and also someone who suffered from
mental illness, PTSD and other things.
And so, you know, I was watching the
film and again I think what's really
powerful about the film is um that it
can speak to different things that
people have experienced. There's a
universality of of course anyone who's
been a parent and a and a mother, but
also just anyone who's struggled with
their mental health. Um,
have you, other than that time of
postpartum depression, struggled with
sort of mental health issues, things
like that that that helped you sort of
understand the character a little
better?
Um, yeah, I've struggled with anxiety
for most of my life. And anxiety's close
friend is normally depression cuz like
by the end of the day, you're so
exhausted from the like adrenal burnout
that you just kind of plummet and get
really sad from that. So, I've I've
struggled with that before. I think more
of what I kind of brought into the
headsp space is the feeling of just
never feeling like you're doing it
right. Like I I just I I just kind of
like live
>> in guilt and just,
>> you know, am I
>> is this the right breakfast? Is this is
this what we should be talking about on
the way home from school? It's just I
just kind of am always
worried that I'm failing them. And I can
keep myself from being like swallowed by
that cuz I I know I'm a good mom and I
know my kids are happy and I have a
great husband and I have like great
support at home so I can like do a
reality check and be like everybody's
okay. You're just spinning. but she
can't and she doesn't and so she really
just goes there. So that was kind of
very easy for me to follow that
>> that's her
>> kind of yeah spin down the drain.
>> Um [clears throat] the other thing that
she sort of deals with is a loss of her
creative self that is also really hard.
I mean, one of the things that um I
think as as mothers you can feel often
is just
>> how your child seems to just leech all
of the [laughter]
>> all of the energy, all of the feeling of
motivation um out of you and you just
kind of give it all to them. Uh, and
as someone who is in a creative field,
as an actor, I mean, was that something
that you kind of were were able to
connect with?
>> Yeah. I mean, having kids is
sacrificial, and I it's gratifying and
it's amazing and rewarding. It's all of
the the things, but it's not not
sacrificial.
>> And yeah, I've never had to
say no to something before that I really
wanted to do. You know, I I could just
go do it.
Um,
I do wrestle with it feels
vain and and selfish that I love being a
creative person as much as I do. My kids
and my family are more important
obviously, but they feel like equal
parts of me, like an equal part, like I
would not be complete if I couldn't make
movies. I just wouldn't. Mh.
>> And
on the one hand, like when I had my son,
my first born, I was like, being an
actress is the perfect job for being a
hands-on mom. Like I I can go years
without working. I can be so hands-on,
you know, and then I go work a little
bit, they visit, yada yada yada, and
like this is perfect. And then now I'm
realizing I'm like, "Oh, that was co and
you are quite busy." And so I'm kind of
reckoning with that and have been of
just like how much is it okay to love
this and not want to give it up. So I
definitely relate to that. I I found the
opposite problem with creativity. I I
had so much anxiety when my second was
born that the only way I could escape
was in stories and books
>> and in particular the American
Revolution. And so I really lost myself
in um kind of ideas and that's always
been how I digest feelings. Um
>> the American Revolution
>> do tell
>> um well I read this amazing book um
called The Revolutionary by Stacy
Schiff.
>> I haven't read it. It's about like Sam
Adams and just kind of I feel like the
only the closest thing we can get to a
crystal ball is history.
>> And I I feel like we're we're all kind
of fighting over what it means to be an
American right now.
>> And so I just was interested in what
the original Americans ideals were. What
did they think that they were building?
What did they think they were getting
away from? and what did they think they
were creating?
>> H I do want to talk about um the
American Revolution and politics, but um
you're [laughter] like you're like let's
let's go. Uh but I wanted to ask you one
more thing about the film that struck
me, which is this. Um there's a lot of
nudity in the film. There's a lot of
unvarnished nudity in the film. Um, and
you know, knowing that you were
pregnant, I'm just wondering how you we
have such a complicated relationship in
this in this country with nudity and
women and and I was wondering how you
thought about that in the film and like
sort of the challenges of that. Um, I'm
definitely not bothered by people that
are bothered by nudity. You know, I um
they don't have to see it. They can fast
forward it. Um, but I don't I don't
really um care about being judged in
that way. There's this freedom of vanity
in a way because I'm pregnant and it's
my second. Like I really was not
adequately prepared for how I was like,
"Oh, I'll just be like four or five
months. Like, I won't even start showing
until I'm like six or seven months." And
that's not true when it's your second.
Um, I just kind of had to like let go of
any kind of vanity. [snorts] I mean, I
sucked in as hard as I possibly could
have, but I wasn't going to diet. I was
pregnant. I couldn't exercise. I was
working. So, there's just like this kind
of like real freedom to it. Um,
>> did that feel good? That release?
>> Yeah, it feels nice. I mean, I do have
moments where I'm like, what technically
are the differences between me and a
prostitute? But it doesn't keep me up at
night. What? [laughter]
>> I don't think that there's anything
wrong with prostitution either.
>> I don't I I'm not saying that there is.
I just It's funny that your mind went
there. I'm just
>> Oh, I'm very good at attacking myself. I
can find every angle. In fact, I should
do this interview.
>> What would you ask you?
>> No. My god, it would be so sad.
>> Um,
>> sorry, I have to pause you too because
your publicist is asking you to adjust
your jacket.
>> Oh, no. It means she didn't like
something. What' I say? Actually, now
that we're paused, I'm gonna pee.
>> Okay.
>> Run out.
>> All right.
>> Yeah.
>> Sorry.
>> For what?
>> Is everything okay?
>> Yeah. No, I didn't get yelled at. I just
peed. I believe in freedom of the press.
>> I believe in freedom of the press, too.
Damn it. Um
>> reminds me of one battle after another.
Talking about freedom, baby. Okay. So
the other thing um that
that you your sort of persona in the
world has been someone who is very funny
and out there and has sometimes been
viewed as like too loud, too much and
has sort of faced
backlash and also people are charmed by
it. And I was wondering now looking back
at that era, like what do you think
about how you were perceived and how you
sort of interacted with the public as
you were coming up when you were
younger? I mean, now that I'm in my 30s
and a mom,
I can see that how
young I was. Like when when I meet a
23year-old now, I mean, think about a
23-year-old. they're they're children.
Um, as horrified as I am at some things,
like if something comes across my phone,
I just like absolutely could never watch
it, like an old interview or something,
I'm just like, "Oh my god, like so
cringe." But I get it. I was young and
um and nervous and defensive and like,
you know, awkward. I think when I
remember
when when I was nom when I was nominated
for silver linings and somebody was like
everybody loves you. What does that feel
like? And I was like they it feels like
precarious you know like I'm waiting for
it cuz like it's not you know it's going
to come down. That's just like the
nature of things. And then I fell
getting my Oscar. And then the next year
I remember the moment and I I was waving
to fans and I tripped on a cone and I
remember being like [__]
that's that's it. Like nobody's going to
believe that. Nobody's going to believe
that I fell two years in a row. I did
>> because after you tripped on your people
said
>> that I faked it.
>> That you faked it.
>> Yeah. I didn't. Um, and so that became a
I was just like, "Yeah, that's uh I'm
fucked." And I was Everybody just kind
of thought that meant everything that I
did was fake. And it was like all a
stickick. This is how it felt to me.
>> Um, that I just kind of got like found
out as this like fraud.
>> Yeah. I mean, you you said at that
moment that you felt that other people
had gotten sick of you and you had
gotten sick of yourself, and I'm
interested in that you had gotten sick
of yourself. What did that mean?
>> I I just was sick of I doing this
>> and doing interviews
>> is really scary. Like, I'm very blessed.
I'm very lucky. I'm very grateful. I
have a great job, but it's terrifying.
like you finish an interview and
or you know you're gearing up to release
a film and it's like that you know the
circus tent the curtains are opening and
it's just like you're putting yourself
out there and you're putting yourself
out there to be picked apart and it's
scary and I was just so tired of it. But
I was just so tired of being quoted and
people talking about the quotes and
being, you know, I just was so tired of
seeing myself in that [gasps] in that
way. I needed a break from it. People
needed a break from it. Then I took a
break and enjoyed the break. It was a
mutual breakup. What did you do um
during that period where you took a step
back cuz that was a 2 and a half year
period where you weren't actually out in
front you got married it was co so
there's reasons for all of that but how
were you recalibrating during that
period
>> well I I don't really know I lived with
my cousin for a little bit hi cuz
um cuz we were like in our I don't know
mid20s and she just kind of moved into
my apartment in New park and we became
roommates and it was fun. We watched TV.
I took my dog to Central Park.
Then I fell in love and I started
learning more about contemporary postwar
art. [laughter]
>> As you do.
>> As you do. Well, my husband's an art
dealer, right?
>> Um,
>> may I ask how you met your husband?
>> Yeah, he showed me art. I was
considering buying something and I asked
my friend Jean who actually ended up
directing me and no hard feelings but I
asked him do you know anybody in the art
world and he sent me Cook's number and I
didn't know you know and then I showed
up to the gallery and was like oh my god
what is your deal [laughter]
and then he stopped being my my art
devisor. [laughter]
Do you um [clears throat]
do you find it hard to be your authentic
self when you're trying to sort of
interact with the public because of what
you went through? Um because I I saw you
at this press conference that you gave
in Spain and you seem a lot more
reserved than you used to be, more
careful, more considered. Um and I'm
just wondering if that is deliberate.
>> Yeah. I mean, I think I've I've also
grown up Um,
and yeah, I'm I'm I'm
a lot more nervous
uh about whatever I say publicly. I try
not to, you know, I don't want to like
give an interview that's like a bunch of
like sound bites and like a word salad.
I just like I don't think that that's
like interesting and I don't feel like
that's like what I'm like it just would
feel so inauthentic and
>> not like what I'm here to do.
Um,
so I'm trying to strike that balance.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, I'm going to break the fourth
wall here, but I mean, it's always a
strange
um thing to do, right? I'm a journalist
asking you questions. I obviously want
you to give revealing answers and you
have to protect yourself as an artist
and as a private person in the world.
And so I often think about uh how
complicated that that dance is um
especially for women. I mean do you
think as as a sort of female artist that
you have been treated differently than
perhaps other you know men because you
were young you were you know kind of
open to the world in a way that perhaps
other people aren't. You didn't seem so
jaded I think.
>> Thank you. Um, [clears throat] I don't I
don't know if it's different than if I
were a man cuz I've just never lived
that existence. I only know this one.
>> That was the wrong question.
>> And I feel No, no, no, it wasn't. I'm
I'm getting [clears throat] around to
it. I'm just dancing around your
question because we are doing
>> the dance. [laughter]
>> We are.
>> I feel it when it's time for women to be
the morality police. You know, it's easy
for me to see it when it's happening.
you know, when somebody does a Woody
Allen movie and they only ask the women,
you know, well, how do you feel about
working with Woody [snorts] Allen, you
know, and you can just watch it. You can
just watch not one male actor get asked
that question. And I see that play out a
lot of just like women being the
examples, women being
>> um the morality police. And also, I
think there is something I don't know
what it is. Um, it's really easy to hate
women viciously [snorts]
in a way that it's almost like we have
this eye in us that specifically there's
like an extra pocket for it and the eye
um that people are capable of I think is
different. I never at any point felt
like this is unfair
because of my gender. I felt like this
is unfair
because you you created this like you
know like you ask and you ask and you
ask and you want and you want and you
want and then you don't want it anymore
and I felt like rejected and but that's
as now that I'm older that is a natural
pushpull of the process and I have to be
in control of how much access is given
and how much isn't. I did want to ask
you
about your relationship with some of
your directors because you have been
with directors who are known as being
very difficult challenging directors,
people who um are tours have really
clear visions. Um, and you know, for
example, uh, when you were making Mother
with Darren Areronowski, you
hyperventilated, you tore your
diaphragm, you got medical attention,
and then he made you film this scene
again when he when you got back. And I'm
just wondering what that kind of
intensity does for you. Like, how do you
work with directors who really bring
that out in you and demand that of you?
>> Um,
I stay loose. I think David O. Russell
really taught me how to I I think
because of David, I've never really it's
never really mattered the what the
director's kind of methodology is. I can
kind of
uh I mean Amy Adams who was in um you
know uh American Hustle with you and
that was obviously David O. Russell said
of you Jennifer doesn't take any of it
on. She's teflon sort of saying that you
don't absorb some of some of that stuff.
Yeah, I didn't I but I really felt like
David that was his way of of
communicating in a non-bullshit way. I
never felt like he was like degrading or
yelling at me. Like if he didn't like
something, he was just like, "That was
terrible. Looked like [__] Do it
better." And that was like a a very
helpful conversation like, "Oh, okay. I
do it better." How so? I don't know.
Slower, not so loud. It was just very,
you know, and I'm not I'm not sensitive.
I don't I don't know how you can be in
this industry like especially I mean
these young girls hopefully are going to
grow up in a different
>> Well, I mean Amy Adams said that she
also, you know, that she cried on set
when she talked about you being teflon.
She said that for her it was it was
hard.
Well, he might maybe he was harder on
her than he was on me. And also I I
don't know. I mean, yes, of course I'm
sensitive. I'm really sensitive. I don't
even know why.
>> So, we've literally had this entire
conversation about how sensitive you
are.
>> So sensitive. I can't believe I
[laughter] just said that. That I had a
conversation with a girl the other
night. She was like, "Oh, I'm the middle
of two with two brothers." And I was
like, "I'm the middle child with two
brothers." And we just like talked about
it passionately for five minutes. And
then I was like, "I'm the youngest.
I I'm sorry. She gave me the weirdest
look obviously because [laughter]
But that was that I'm like I'm not
sensitive. I'm extremely sensitive.
>> I was gonna say I didn't want to say
anything, but I was like we have talked
now for quite a bit about this.
>> More sensitive than Amy Adams just flat
out. Right.
>> I guess I don't mean anything I say. Do
you still want to continue interviewing
me?
>> Absolutely.
>> Okay.
>> But maybe you're less sensitive about
the acting. I guess what I'm trying to
get at here
>> I'm not sensitive about acting. I'm not
competitive about acting. My my husband
is always really amazed because I I am
so competitive. Like when we play
tennis, I throw my racket. I scream. I
rage.
>> I like I can't do a puzzle. Like I'm so
competitive. I like I make eye contact
with him when we're brushing teeth
sometimes cuz I'm like I did it a little
bit longer than you. Did you notice
that? And so he finds it fascinating
that I'm not competitive with acting.
But I think it's cuz I feel secure. M
>> so why would I get competitive? I feel I
feel fine when it's coming to the when
it comes to getting the director. I mean
I I you you need to have a visionary and
so I think it's it's just working with a
with a real artist that I can trust.
>> I mean you're about to do a film with
Martin Scorsesei um which is coming up.
>> Yeah. I don't know if I trust him.
[laughter]
>> Yeah. I mean why would you? He's such an
to really prove himself to me.
>> Uh tell me about um in advance of
working with an with a director like
Martin Scorsesei. You haven't actually
um been directed by him. I mean h how do
you how do you prepare for something
like that? I'll probably do what I
always do, which is panic and then try
to get in touch with like an acting
teacher and then meet the acting teacher
and then never see them again. Um,
that's [laughter] that's where
>> that's your process.
>> That is my process. And at this point,
it's almost like superstitious if I
don't [laughter] if I don't take the one
meeting and then not follow up. I'll
read, I'll be prepared, I'll memorize.
Leo is, you know,
>> Leonardo DiCaprio.
>> Leonardo DiCaprio. Um, we work together
on Don't Look Up and, you know, he's
somebody who just like he
like knows the he knows when his
character was born and what kind of
cologne they wear. And like Leo in
uh one battle after another is so
serious and his commitment and like is
so it's so real and that's what makes it
hilarious. You know his sides are
covered in like like a look he's like
Carrie Mat you know in Homeland like the
script. You don't know what sides mean?
Oh excuse me. Sorry, didn't mean to
>> get all the
>> silver screen on you. Um, well, kid,
sides are sides are just like a few
pages like a scene,
>> right, from the whole script. So,
>> when I was working with
>> Leo, I was just like, I got to be doing
whatever he's doing. Like, this is
incredible. But Christian Bale changed
me a lot to an American Hustle. I was 23
and I was always very I remember like I
was always very sensitive about getting
embarrassed in front of the crew and
like I thought acting was like
embarrassing and so I would just kind of
try to make a point of like not acting
until I just absolutely had to like at
action but then I would see Christian
who didn't like it's not like he stayed
in character like all day or anything
like nothing he just when the crew
started getting ready you know like then
the lights started getting ready and the
sound and it became and clear we were
going to start rolling soon. He would
kind of slowly start getting ready. And
then I was like, "That seems like a good
idea and I should do that when I'm more
mature and can handle people looking at
me and being like, she's acting."
>> You mentioned one battle after another.
>> Oh my god. I saw it last night. I know
that it is now further in the future. If
you're hearing it,
>> doesn't matter. We're timestamping it.
You saw it last night.
>> I saw it last night in 70 mm IMAX as God
intended.
It's the most incredible movie I've ever
seen in my entire life. I feel so
grateful
to have just for that to exist. I just
like kiss the ground that that movie
walks on.
>> It's also a film that as we started
discussing it speaks to this political
moment in a very um interesting
>> and important way. Uh that is funny that
is complicated. Um I
>> and it's a good idea. It's not a not a
bad idea.
>> What do you mean?
>> A revolution.
>> You have been politically outspoken in
the past.
>> In the first Trump administration, you
know, you had a lot to say. Um,
I'm curious
how you feel about talking out now.
I don't really know if I should. I I
think like
the first Trump administration was so
wild and just how can we let this stand?
Like I felt like I was running around
like a chicken with my head cut off. But
as we've learned
uh election after election, celebrities
do not make a difference whatsoever on
who people vote for.
And so then what am I doing? I'm just
sharing my opinion on something that's
going to just add fuel to a fire that's
ripping the country apart. I mean, we
are so
divided.
I think I'm in a complicated
recalibration
because I'm also an artist and I with
this temperature and the way that things
can turn out, I don't want to start
turning people off [sighs]
to films and to art that could change
consciousness or change the world
because they don't like my political
opinions. I I I want to protect my
my craft
so that you can still get lost and what
I'm what I'm doing, what I'm showing.
Um,
and if I can't say something that's
going to speak to some kind of peace or
lowering the temperature or some sort of
solution, I just don't want
I don't I don't want to be a part of the
problem. I don't want to make the
problem worse. H I mean, I saw you um at
at a press conference recently um when
you were speaking about Gaza point to
our elected officials as the people who
need to be responsible for answering
those questions and not putting that on
actors um and other celebrities to sort
of take a stand.
>> Yeah. just like if it's like looking at
a chessboard, you know, you just watch
these actors faces who have had
incredible careers and done amazing
things and made incredible contributions
that all of a sudden one half of the
internet or one half of the country just
can't stand anymore. They don't want to
see their face anymore because of blah
blah blah blah blah. And I get I get so
upset for those people and those actors
and it just feels so wrong.
So I don't I don't know. I try to
express myself and my politics through
my work. I made a documentary called
Bread and Roses about the Taliban
retakeover in Afghanistan and Sarovski
versus Texas about the abortion ban.
Pretty much all a lot of my
uh movies coming up for my production
company
are
expressions of the polit of of the
political landscape.
Um,
that's how I feel like I can be helpful.
That's how I feel like I can,
I don't know, bring awareness or do
something.
>> Do you regret how you dealt with things
before?
>> I don't know. Probably. I mean, I I
regret everything I've ever done or
said, but um [clears throat] 5 seconds
after you done or said [laughter]
>> Yeah, of course. I'm I'm going to take
the zip drives out of all of these
cameras when I leave. Um,
it feels the the the second term feels
different,
you [snorts] know, cuz it's like
we all knew he said what he was going to
do. We we knew what he did for 4 years.
He was very clear
and that's what we chose.
Again,
I think there's something that just
feels different about the second second
term.
I want to thank you for um being so
thoughtful.
>> Thank you.
>> I really do. Yeah. Thank you.
>> With the mask off. [laughter]
[gasps]
>> I [music] It is often a
>> a process. It's a dance. And I And thank
you for dancing.
>> No, [music] of course. You were
>> very thoughtful question. Thank you
again.
>> Thank you guys.
>> And please don't rip out the camera.
Thank you very much. [music]
>> I'm Lulu Garcia Navaro
>> and I'm David Maresy
>> and we're the hosts of the interview an
audio and video podcast from the New
York Times.
>> Every week we interview fascinating and
influential people from all walks of
life.
>> Subscribe to our YouTube channel so
you'll never miss an episode.